After over 60 years, the powerful engines that accelerate ultra-high-energy
cosmic rays (UHECRs) to the formidable energies at which we observe them from
Earth remain mysterious. Assuming standard physics, we expect UHECR sources to
lie within the local Universe (up to a few hundred~Mpc). The distribution of
matter in the local Universe is anisotropic, and we expect this anisotropy to
be imprinted on the distribution of UHECR arrival directions. Even though
intervening intergalactic and Galactic magnetic fields deflect charged UHECRs
and can distort these anisotropies, some amount of information on the
distribution of the sources is preserved. In this proceedings contribution, we
present the results of the joint Pierre Auger Observatory and Telescope Array
searches for (a) the largest-scale anisotropies (the harmonic dipole and
quadrupole) and (b) correlations with a sample of nearby starburst galaxies and
the 2MRS catalogue tracing stellar mass within~250~Mpc. This analysis updates
our previous results with the most recent available data, notably with the
addition of 3~years of new Telescope Array data. The main finding is a
correlation between the arrival directions of $12.1\%_{-3.1\%}^{+4.5\%}$~of
UHECRs detected with $E \geq 38$~EeV by~Auger or with~$E \gtrsim 49$~EeV by~TA
and the positions of nearby starburst galaxies on a
${15.1\text{deg}}_{-3.0\text{deg}}^{+4.6\text{deg}}$~angular scale, with a
$4.7\sigma$~post-trial significance, up from $4.2\sigma$ obtained in our
previous study.
